New patients should arrive fifteen minutes before their scheduled appointments.
The final version of the budget proposal must be submitted by Friday.
Ms.Choi offers clients both tax preparation services and financial management consultations.
Maya Byun was chosen by the excecutive team to head the new public relations department.
Belvin Theaters will soon allow customers to purchase tickets on its Web site.
AIZ Office Products offers businesses a secure way to send invoices to clients online.
Because several committee members have been delayed,the accounting report will be discussed later than planned at today's meeting.
According to the revised schedule,the manufacturing conference will begin at 9:00 A.M. instead of 8:00 A.M.
While the station is undergoing repair,the train will proceed through Cumberland without stopping.
Dr.Morales,a geologist from the Environmental Institute,plans to study the soil from the mountains around Caracas.
If you have already signed up for automatic payments,then no further steps are required.
Confident that Mr.Takashi Ota was much more qualified than other candidates,Argnome Corporation hired him as the new vice president.
Poleberry Local Marketplace takes pride in carrying only naturally processed dairy products from the region.
All of Molina Language Institute's instructors have three or more years of experience and a valid teaching credential.
The restaurant critic for the Montreal Times described the food at Corban's Kitchen as affordable and authentic.
The Merrywood Shop will hold a sale in January to clear out an excess of holiday supplies.
Zoticos Clothing,Inc.,has acquired two other retail companies as part of a plan to expand into Europe and Asia.
According to the city planning director,Adelaide's old civic center must be completely demolished before construction on a new center can begin.
An accomplished skater himself,Mr.Loewenstein also coaches the world-champion figure skater Sara Krasnova.
Sefu Asamoah is an innovative architect who is challenging the traditional approach to constructing space-efficient apartment bulidings.
Because of complaints regarding noise,the hotel manager has instructed the landscaping staff to avoid operating equipment before 9:30 A.M.
For 30 years,Big Top Prop Company has been the premier provider of circus equipment for troupes around the world.
Chris Cantfield was among the outstanding candidates considered for the Thomas Award for exceptional police service.
Please instruct employees with questions concerning the new payroll to contact me or Ms.Singh directly.
Although the author initially prasents the purchase of real estate as a safe investment,she later describes times that it might be risky.
The research released by Henford Trust ranked automobile companies according to sales performance and financial position.
An insightful editorial in the Boston Daily Post suggests that offering opportunities for professional development is a valuable method of motivating employees.
The Web site advices customers to review their orders carefully as it is difficult to make changes once an order is submitted.
Well-known journalist Kent Moriwaki published a book in May featuring a compilation of quotes from interviews with various artists.
Regardless of delays in the entryway construction,the Orchid Restaurant in Chongqing will reopen and provide an alternative entrance until all work is complete.
Busan Cosmetics is pleased to welcome Jin-Sook Kim,a new team member in product development.
The seminar will be attended by professionals in the food service industry.
The Human Resorces Department will occasionally request that employees update their personal contact information for the company's records.
All staff members should log in to their time and labor accounts daily to record their hours worked.
The Humson Company has just started a lunchtime fitness program,and employees are encouraged to join.
To enroll in any course,either complete the online form or register in person at the Greerson Learning Center.
Mr.Yamagata is prepared to assist Ms.Hahn's clients while she conducts a training seminar in New York.
Please return the signed copy of the rental agreement to the apartment manager's office in the enclosed envelope.
Employees who are affiliated with Corman Corporation will be seated in the third row of the auditorium.
Yesterday's festival featured some of the most lively dancers that the Palace Theater has ever hosted.
Fulsome Flower's delivery vans must be returned promptly to the store once the scheduled deliveries have been completed.
To ensure stability and safety,it is important to follow the instructions exactly when assembling the office bookshelves.
At the Podell Automotive plant,Ms.Krystle oversees workers who install rebuilt engines in vehicles.
Yakubu Logistics will expand the warehouse loading area in preparation for an increase in shipping activity.
The High Performance weather gauge is surprisingly accurate in measuring the level of humidity in the air.
Ms.Oh's proposal highlights a comprehensive strategy for decreasing the company's transportation costs in the coming year.
To receive periodic updates regarding your journal subscription status,please provide an e-mail address on the order form.
Even when they are away conducting business,members of the sales team are usually available by e-mail.
There is a coffee machine conveniently located on the second floor of the Tabor Building.
The editor granted Ms.Porter a deadline extension so that some information in her building renovations report could be updated.
Youssouf Electronics' annual charity fund-raising event will be held next Saturday at Montrose Park.
The bulidings in the Jamison Complex are open until 7:00 P.M. on workdays,but staff with proper authorization may enter at any time.
Kochi Engineering has proposed the construction of a drainage system designed to keep the Route 480 highway dry during heavy rain.
Customers can obtain coverage for replacement and repair of printers through the purchase of an extended warranty.
We regret to announce that Mr.Charles Appiah has resigned his position as senior sales manager,effective next Monday.
The Epsilon 3000 camera allows beginning photographers to enjoy professional-quality equipment,as it is technologically sophisticated yet inexpensive.
Yee-Yin Xiong held interviews with numerous clients to determine how Echegaray Consulting,Inc.,can improve customer service.
Several letters of reference from local community organizations are required for acceptance into the Cypress Beach Business Association.
Rather then wearing business attire on Thursdays,staff may choose to wear casual clothing instead.
Your validated registration card provides proof of ownership in case this product is lost or damaged.
Ms.Iwata handed out copies of the agenda that she had printed for the meeting.
The food order for the conference must be sent to the caterer by Friday at 5:00 P.M.
The product review says that the Cozy Days space heater is slower to warm up than similar products.
Employees from San Jose International will arrive in Alajuela tomorrow for their first training session.
To apply for a driving permit,you must show two forms of identification.
Sales of Seviana Cosmetics have steadily improved since the new marketing campaign began last quarter.
Most to Shim Services have completed a paid internship at the company headquarters.
Each Beehive Crafts Supply customer may redeem one coupon per visit.
Dietrich Dentistry asks patients to provide 24-hour notice to cancel a scheduled appointment.
The building inspection has been postponed until next week so that the electrical work can be completed.
Priorities of the management include improving productivity and reducing annual expenditures.
Those employees affected by changes to Linerex Corporation's health plan should watch the online presentation.
Senior human resources personnel need to have hosted at least two training events this year to be eligible for a bonus.
Aomori Agriculture Solutions specializes in increasing crop yields through the development of better farming techniques.
Chae Media,Inc.,plans to move forward with the renovation of its publishing house in Seoul.
The marketing team at Bescura Cars has created a series of deliberately humorous commercials,designed to appeal to younger consumers.
Programmers at Ulrich-Ahn Company are responsible for ensuring that software conforms to the established system standards.
Pour the cake batter into the pan and shake gently if the batter is unevenly distributed.
Geneto Technology uses three indicators of laboratory accuracy to ensure consistent results.
The financial figures released by Tsai and Wu International correspond only to expenses from the month of July.
Mr.Carson will make all the arrangements for the company retreat next month.
The cafeteria in Morris Hall offers complimantary breakfast and lunch for Arai and Ramos associates.
Visitors to Kensington Corporation must obtain guest passes from the security office prior to entering the facility.
Tachibana Pharmaceuticals' new method of combining chemical solutions will increase efficiency in the laboratory.
Lexino Publisher's dictionary database allows users to search for entries in multiple languages.
No one is permitted on the factory floor without proper safety gear.
Heidt Used Appliance Store guarantees that your purchase will arrive in working condition.
While Ms.Park appreciated the job offer from Seon Advisory Group,she declined the opportunity because she would have to relocate.
The convention center is located on Market Street,directly opposite Glenview Shopping Center.
Originally a small festival celebrating the town's heritage,the Clarytown Celebration has become one of the biggest annual events in the area.
Neither the Chiba office nor the Nagoya office is hiring.
Mr.Aromdee will prepare a dish from his hometown of Bangkok.
Korean Star Airlines offers daily nonstop flights between London and Busan.
Mr.Hirose worked at Seventh Street Financial five years ago.
Most of the new employees were able to attend the orientation.
A loud beeping sound indicates that the copy machine has not been closed securely.
Please visit our Web site to find unique recipes made with Hahm food products.
Due to construction delays on Maplewood Avenue,employees will probably need to find alternate routes.
Bilto miniature model planes contain hundreds of small parts and must be assembled with care.
The creative image on this month's magazine cover is credited to Marlot Images.
Participation this year was the largest ever in the history of the Securitas conference.
Ms.Fields is not able to travel from New York to Buenos Aires without sufficient notice.
Yuvaves Transit Company drivers should have their vehicles inspected annually.
Cell Choice marketers are encouraged to become familiar with competitors' products and advertising.
The customer service department has seen a dramatic decrease in the number of complaints over the past year.
The financial review board has stated that no budget proposal may exceed ten pages.
As president,Ms.Min made great efforts to establish a productive environment at Chae Investment Corporation.
The city council will meet tomorrow to field questions from residents concerning the new water tower.
Cruz-Alva Oil provides competitively priced solutions for all your energy needs.
Southenic Electronics' technicians are on hand 24 hours a day so you can be at ease knowing help is always available.
Strong strategic-thinking skills and sharp marketing instincts are important qualities for a successful product manager.
Operators of city buses will attend a training session on new vehicles in the coming months.
Renovations on the top floor of the Melaka Building are set to commence after the elevators are installed in early August.
At Ben Flores Blinds,first-time customers can benefit from introductory rates of 30 percent off.
Now that your return has been received,a refund will be issued to your account within three business days.
Last year,Entertainment Azusa,Inc.,and Sohn Multimedia decided that combining ther expertise and resources would increase profits for both organizations.
Before the laboratory carts can be used to transport sensitive materials,technicians must wipe all exposed surfaces with a disinfectant cloth.
As the publication date of the sequel to the controversial novel approaches,public anticipation is growing exponentially.
For the duration of Ms.Dernal's leave,her corporate and private accounts will be overseen by Jial Wu and David Dembo,respectively.
Improvements in irrigation technology throughout the region were followed by proportional gains in corn production.
Although there is little top secret information stored on his new computer, the new employee has to ask for a permission every time he takes it outside.
The management is not so much concerned about the money as about how much time it will take to implement the plan.
Since Company X and Company Y had to make significant concessions in order to reach an agreement, neither of them is quite satisfied with the deal.
This is the place which any employee can sit on a massage chair, meditate and relax at.
The government could have reaped as much as 30 billion dollars in new tax revenue had it succeeded in attracting Company X.
Mr. Lee, the CEO of ABC Company, proposed that their new branch be built in the vicinity of the airport.
A lawyer, auditor and economist has been appointed to work for H&B Corporation since last November.
The school and parents continued negotiations on tuition increase for more than six months, but neither of them would compromise in order to reach an agreement.
Sweets manufacturers are facing the pressure to reduce the sugar in their products, yet they are urging their customers to eat sweet doughnuts for breakfast.
In spite of working for such a long time at the company, neither John nor Sarah knows where the printing paper is stored in the office.
Young as he is, he has outstanding knowledge in the field of geology comparable to that of an expert.
The company is looking for job candidates who can interact respectfully with other employees and clients.
The research and development team currently has five people on the team, all of whom have PhDs from top national universities.
Since she felt like she was not getting paid enough considering her job responsibilities, she decided to find a new job.
Only after I got to work did I notice that I had forgotten to turn the light off in my room.
As oil prices rose significantly this past three months throughout the world, airlines were forced to raise their fares and so were railroad companies.
Had she apologized earlier when the conflict first started to surface, the issue with her co-worker would not have become so complicated.
The survey has revealed that few employees are satisfied with their jobs regardless of the fact that their company is one of the highest-paying in the region.
The Midwest region had the second highest sales total in the company last quarter, preceded by the Northeast region in first.
The Board of Directors has not denied that the floundering division may be sold off to a buyer providing one can be found by the deadline.
EigoLove is a highly-regarded company that treats its employees well except it demands a large amount of overtime from them.
My coworker fell ill and could not give his presentation at the conference, so at the last minute I was called to present instead.
Were it not for the forward-thinking management team, we could not implement any reforms in the business.
